eip:                       eip,
eip_associate:             eip,
epc:                       epc,
certificate:               kcm,
healthcheck:               slb,
lb:                        slb,
lb_acl:                    slb,
lb_acl_entry:              slb,
lb_listener:               slb,
lb_listener_server:        slb,
lb_listener_associate_acl: slb,
instance:                  kec,
volume:                    ebs,
volume_attach:             ebs,
krds:                      krds,
krds_read_replica:         krds,
krds_security_group:       krds,
sqlserver:                 krds,
mongodb_instance:          mongodb,
mongodb_security_rule:     mongodb,
mongodb_shard_instance:    mongodb,
redis_instance:            kcs,
redis_instance_node:       kcs,
redis_sec_rule:            kcs,
security_group:            vpc,
security_group_entry:      vpc,
subnet:                    vpc,
vpc:                       vpc,
ssh_key:                   sks,
ks3:                       ks3